README.adoc, before:

= Browser Live-Reload for Quarkus 

Think of this extension as a link:https://www.browsersync.io/[browser-sync] that runs integrated in Quarkus dev-mode.
It provides a quick feedback-cycle when developing web frontends by automatically refreshing the browser on changes to your .HTML, JavaScript or CSS files.

WARNING: This is still experimental and only works with the latest SNAPSHOT of Quarkus. Awaiting link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/8546[this] fix to hit the next release.

image::https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HlmRSdmEwcY/mqdefault.jpg[link="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HlmRSdmEwcY"]

== Motivation

You might ask: Why do I need this if I have my dev-server or browser-sync?
Well, you might not if you are a front-end developer and have NPM on your system anyway.
Or your frontend needs a bundling or compilation-step as with Angular, React and friends.

This is for people who want to get started on developing a web frontend that does not require a bundling or transpilation-step.
A simple frontend like in the old days; or a modern frontend like possible with link:https://www.snowpack.dev/[Snowpack].
Maybe you simply don't have NPM or browser-sync installed; or don't want to run a second tool/server and configure CORS (though it is simple in Quarkus). Who knows...

== Usage

Currently, this is not published to Maven Central; so you will need to build it yourself:

[source, shell]
----
$ mvn install
----

Now, add the following to your project's `pom.xml`:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.github.38leinaD</groupId>
    <artifactId>quarkus-livereload-extension</artifactId>
    <version>999-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
----

When running your project with `mvn compile quarkus:dev`, open a browser to your frontend webapp.
E.g. link:http://localhost:8080/index.html[].
Maybe run with a clear cache (Shift+F5 in Chrome) so the browser loads a fresh page which will have the live-reload script injected.
You can check this in your browser console. It should say "live-reload activated".

Make a change to your files under `src/main/resources/META-INF/resources` of your project.
On save, this should trigger a reload of the page.

Commit message:

adding support for jsf livereload

README.adoc, after:

= Browser Live-Reload for Quarkus 

Think of this extension as a link:https://www.browsersync.io/[browser-sync] that runs integrated in Quarkus dev-mode.
It provides a quick feedback-cycle when developing web frontends by automatically refreshing the browser on changes to your .HTML, JavaScript or CSS files.

WARNING: This is still experimental and only works with the latest SNAPSHOT of Quarkus. Awaiting link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/8546[this] fix to hit the next release.

image::https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HlmRSdmEwcY/mqdefault.jpg[link="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HlmRSdmEwcY"]

== Motivation

You might ask: Why do I need this if I have my dev-server or browser-sync?
Well, you might not if you are a front-end developer and have NPM on your system anyway.
Or your frontend needs a bundling or compilation-step as with Angular, React and friends.

This is for people who want to get started on developing a web frontend that does not require a bundling or transpilation-step.
A simple frontend like in the old days; or a modern frontend like possible with link:https://www.snowpack.dev/[Snowpack].
Maybe you simply don't have NPM or browser-sync installed; or don't want to run a second tool/server and configure CORS (though it is simple in Quarkus). Who knows...

== Usage

Currently, this is not published to Maven Central; so you will need to build it yourself:

[source, shell]
----
$ mvn install
----

Now, add the following to your project's `pom.xml`:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.github.38leinaD</groupId>
    <artifactId>quarkus-livereload-extension</artifactId>
    <version>999-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
----

If you are using Gradle, add the following to your project's `build.gradle`:

[source,groovy]
----
implementation 'com.github.38leinaD:quarkus-livereload-extension:999-SNAPSHOT'
----

When running your project with `mvn compile quarkus:dev`, open a browser to your frontend webapp.
E.g. link:http://localhost:8080/index.html[].
Maybe run with a clear cache (Shift+F5 in Chrome) so the browser loads a fresh page which will have the live-reload script injected.
You can check this in your browser console. It should say "live-reload activated".

Make a change to your files under `src/main/resources/META-INF/resources` of your project.
On save, this should trigger a reload of the page.
